c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.exe
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.pdb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.exe
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.pdb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BACKGROUND.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Book1.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Desert.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\DOWN.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LEFT.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Level2.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playBtn.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\quitBtn.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\resumeBtn.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\RIGHT.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGDOWN.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGLEFT.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGRIGHT.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGUP.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\stop.xnb
c:\users\fu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FeynmanGame\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UP.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.exe
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.pdb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BACKGROUND.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Book1.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Desert.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\DOWN.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LEFT.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Level2.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playBtn.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\quitBtn.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\resumeBtn.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\RIGHT.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGDOWN.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGLEFT.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGRIGHT.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\STANDINGUP.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\stop.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UP.xnb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.exe
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.pdb
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\fu\Desktop\GameProject\FeynmanMyFork\The-Game\FeynmanGame\obj\x86\Debug\FeynmanGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
